Update compute-capacity-limits-by-edition-of-sql-server.md (#9401)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/sql-server/compute-capacity-limits-by-edition-of-sql-server.md

<sup>1</sup> Enterprise Edition with Server + Client Access License (CAL) licensing is limited to 20 cores per [!INCLUDE [ssNoVersion](../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] instance. (This licensing isn't available for new agreements.) There are no limits under the Core-based Server Licensing model.

> [!NOTE]  

> > SQL Server limit of 64 logical processors per NUMA node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> SQL Server limits the number of logical processors per NUMA node to 64.
```

> > SQL Server limits the number of logical processors per NUMA node to 64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!INCLUDE [ssNoVersion](../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] limits the number of logical processors per NUMA node to 64.
```
